---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rode Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rode Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **basic_password** (String, Sensitive) Corresponding password for basic_username. Can be set with the `RODE_BASIC_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- **basic_username** (String) The username configured in the Rode instance for basic auth. Cannot be configured alongside any of the OIDC options. Can be set with the `RODE_BASIC_USERNAME` environment variable.
- **disable_transport_security** (Boolean) Disables transport security for the gRPC connection to Rode. Can also be set with the `RODE_DISABLE_TRANSPORT_SECURITY` environment variable.
- **host** (String) Host and port of the Rode instance. Can also be specified by setting the `RODE_HOST` environment variable.
- **oidc_client_id** (String) OIDC/OAuth2 client id that is permitted the client credentials grant. Can be set with the `RODE_OIDC_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- **oidc_client_secret** (String, Sensitive) Corresponding client secret for oidc_client_id. Can be set with the `RODE_OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- **oidc_scopes** (String) A space-delimited list of scopes to request in the client credentials grant. Can also be set with the `RODE_OIDC_SCOPES` environment variable.
- **oidc_tls_insecure_skip_verify** (Boolean) Disable transport security when communicating with the OAuth2 server. Only recommended for local development. Set with the `RODE_OIDC_TLS_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY` environment variable.
- **oidc_token_url** (String) OAuth2 token url. Can be set with the OIDC_TOKEN_URL environment variable
